So, how do you get the most out of this course?
Well, the first thing is watching the videos and although this is quite obvious, it's really important
to state again because, in the videos, we will explain everything we do and especially why we are
doing and applying certain concepts.
So really make sure to watch the videos, depending on the track you are entering of course,
I talked about this in the course outline, but watching that, that is the first step to really get the
most out of this course. In addition to just watching, the more important thing is to code
along. Take the chance and code together with us and create this nice website, because by watching the
videos, you'll see the basic concepts, but by really applying them and coding along, you'll see where you might have
some knowledge gaps and where you might have to revisit a video, for example. In addition to that, also
make sure to do the exercises. This course comes with a ton of assignments, quizzes and challenges
and the best thing you can do is to actually do them, try your best to solve them.
We offer all the solutions to make sure you know how it works in the end,
but practicing is really key in CSS and actually, in web development in general.
Now in addition to that, also debug your errors, because although you'll code along with us, there
might be cases where your code is not working at all and for that, you can find the source code attached
to the last lecture of each module.
So take this code and compare it to yours and try to see where you may have made some little mistakes
for example.
That's also important because with that, you take a closer look at your code and with that, this again helps
you to understand and memorize certain concepts. In case you tried your best, you tried to debug your code
and it doesn't work,
then of course feel free to ask in the Q&A section of this course.
We try our best to answer all your questions, to make sure that all the things that are unclear become
clear.
Even better than just asking is to try and answer questions in the Q&A section, because asking is
easy,
we know that, and answering is quite challenging. But by answering questions, you think about the concepts
you've learned so far again and
and the best thing is, in the end, you help others. Don't worry about giving wrong
answers,
that doesn't play a role because in the end, once the correct answer gets posted, you will again learn
and learning
is the goal of this course right here.
Now with that, you've learned how to get the most out of this course. There is only one thing we should have
a look at before we finally dive into CSS because what are the tools we are using in this course?
Let's have a look.